Director

1. A person who leads an organization.
2, A person in charge of making a film/play.

1

Lerato Mataboge, acting chief executive of TIA, said neither the dti nor TIA had entered into any partnership with IGDMp or had had any discussions with the company's executive director.
Last December 6, 32 prison officials in Rattanakiri province put inked thumbs down on a complaint they sent to the Prison Department asking for the investigation and removal of Tin Sovanny, the provincial prison director. 
Recently I was asked to move up to the role of executive creative director . 
SAFA are set to haul SAFCA in front of their Dispute Resolution Committee for voicing their disapproval over the manner of Neil Tovey's appointment as technical director. 
Their son, Patrick, hopes to maintain his role as managing director . 
This leaves the remainder with Eric Portheault, the publication's finance director .
This water-supplying initiative is driven by former CrimeLine boss and current Global communications director at Crime Stoppers International, Yusuf Abramjee. 
His brother Doug Varey was director at Moorelands Camp, which continues to receive support from the Fresh Air Fund, helping subsidize camp fees. 
The director has always been very protective of his family. 
Will Wyatt, managing director of network television, said Mr Birt should not lose his job over the dispute and insisted he had the full support of his senior colleagues.  
For example, the director of nursing may devise the system for allocating annual leave but the ward sister may determine who will actually be given holiday at any particular time.  
Every American think-tank director has a dream and a nightmare.
This has been the aim of the director of the shooting development program, the New York staff of the Sportsmen's Service Bureau, and the SAAMI shooting preserve field consultants since the start of the program in 1954.  
The award is the first such honor in the 11-year history of JA activities in Portland, according to Ralph Scolatti, local executive director for Junior Achievement. 
Along with a director, the city should provide a CD headquarters so that pertinent information about the local organization would be centralized.
Managing director Martin Jay says the company has an order book worth 700m against 30m a year ago, of which only 5% is Ministry of Defence related.  
Show the total amount paid to or receivable by third parties other than connected persons for making available the services of any person as a director of the company.
However, in order to preserve the fine work of the Congress on the recisions, I asked the director of the Bureau of the Budget to place the exact amounts indicated for repeal in a nonexpendable reserve, and to advise the departments and agencies accordingly.  
Barrie Irving, the Police Foundation director has presented a paper today outlining research into the Police and Criminal Evidence Act (PACE).
That the director of Public Prosecutions did not press for prosecution suggests that this line of defence might have been effective, or might have resulted in the prosecution net catching even larger, embarrassed fish.
In such a case, the director usually reports directly to a vice president or to the CEO directly in order to let them know the progress of the organization.
The education director is trying to obtain additional funding for the school.  
At a smaller organization, a director might have a closer relationship with the CEO and collaborate with executive leaders.
Miller has been appointed to the position of sales director	
As the managing director of a recently formed company with, to date, only one outlet, I was quite naturally looking for any help I could get, advisory or financially or both.

2


Mridha used to work in media sector as a writer and film director .
They asked me what I considered the most stupid question ever to ask a film director. 
Ryan Seacrest's replacement is Ari Sandel -- an Oscar-winning director . 
When I finished my BA, I enrolled in a broadcasting communications and started training to be a director. 
Every time a director takes a shot and then runs over and looks at it, it's Jerry
You will be a great director the day you understand you have to create an atmosphere of fun. 
That director didn't see me as a real actress.
Banksy Banksy is an English-based graffiti artist, political activist and film director whose real identity is unknown.  
A 1975 documentary from director Geoff Steven includes interviews with many of those on the march: Eva Rickard, Tama Poata and Whina Cooper.  
The Marx Brothers, when they had the right writer and the right director and all the pieces were in place, they made great movies. 
One day I asked the director, Dan, I said,'Dan, how come you chose me for this part?'He said,'Well, what other leading man would you have chosen?'
Well, we flew all the way to New York to talk with legendary film director Mike Nichols about the Rutle films.
In 1982, Spielberg was nominated for Best director for Raiders of the Lost Ark, the first Indiana Jones movie.
Spanish director Luis Bunuel was not happy when he was given an Oscar. 
After some young people copied parts of the movie, director Stanley Kubrick refused to show the movie in Britain. 
Tremendous publicity was given to the circumstances in which this movie had been made and to the way in which the director had shot some forty reels;
As early as 1930 Welford Beaton was indicating the way that Hollywood should develop: Even as Beaton spoke one director was doing his best to harness the new realism to a more rewarding type of movie.  
Producers must find and hire, within budget, the best director and crew for the production. 
As a director his work embraces both the narrative traditions of French cinema and a critical awareness of the styles and conventions of Hollywood.
	This is enhanced by director Julia Pascal's insistence on bathing in red and blue light the scenes where, perhaps in Katherine's imagination, the ex-wife meets Slava.
Laura Thompson is a young theatre director who is now in the middle of rehearsals for Romeo And Juliet.
This is the first of Finnish director Aki Kaurismaki's films to open here, but not the last: two more are lining up for release in the next six months.
They claimed that the director was the sole author of his films, and that the more strongly his personality and preoccupations were found in them, the greater he was.
But director John Badham keeps up the momentum successfully, carrying the action all the way to an improbably happy end.
The special effects work, the special appearance of that awful kitsch cat, Garfield, is written in, and the choreography by director Carole Todd is slick.

